Refine time slot bar and introducing minified variant (#358)
LifeSG/react-design-system: stories/time-slot-bar/time-slot-bar.stories.mdx

    </Story>
</Canvas>

<Secondary>Minified Variant</Secondary>

> Here is an example of a minified variant of the component. This is useful for displaying a large number of time slots in a smaller view port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In cases where there is a requirement to display a large number of time slots in a smaller viewport, you can make use of the minified variant of the component. To do so, set `variant="minified"`.
```
